MSC2873: Identifying the client and client theme in a widget (#2873)
matrix-org/matrix-doc: proposals/2873-identifying-clients-in-widgets.md

# MSC2873: Identifying clients and user settings in widgets

Some widgets may wish to enable functionality depending on the client they are being presented
within, or match the client's theme as best as possible, or even localize the widget itself to
match the user's preference. None of this is currently possible for a widget to achieve in a
stable way.

## Proposal

Some new template variables are added to the available options for a widget URL:

* `matrix_client_id` - A [MSC2758](https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix-doc/pull/2758) identifier
  for the client which is rendering the widget.
* `matrix_client_theme` - The stringified name for the user's current theme as decided upon by
  the client.

> * `matrix_client_language` - The ISO 639-1 alpha-2 code for the user's current language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `matrix_client_language` - The BCP 47 identifier for the user's current language.
```

It seems like an unnecessary limitation to restrict this to the ISO 639-1 codes (which do not cover all natural languages). @toger5 If you agree maybe I could commit this? :)

Author: fwiw, consistency with other areas of existing spec would be good:

* https://spec.matrix.org/v1.12/client-server-api/#definition-mloginterms-params ([Section 2.2 of RFC 5646](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc5646#section-2.2) using underscore instead of dash)
* https://spec.matrix.org/v1.12/client-server-api/#phone-number (ISO-3166-1 alpha-2)

Reviewer: Thanks, it seems RFC 5646 is just the latest specification for BCP 47 so I think the m.login.terms option makes sense here.

Reviewer 2: Changing it to cover all natural languages sounds like a good improvement.
